Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. If we are unable to compete effectively in the highly competitive retail industry, our business and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. The retail industry is highly competitive with few barriers to entry. We compete with a wide variety of retailers, including other department stores, discounters, home improvement stores, appliances and consumer electronics retailers, auto service providers, specialty retailers, wholesale clubs, online and catalog retailers and many other competitors operating on a national, regional or local level. Some of our competitors are actively engaged in new store expansion. Online and catalog businesses, which handle similar lines of merchandise, and some of which are not required to collect sales taxes on purchases made by their customers, also compete with us. Competition may intensify as competitors enter into business combinations or alliances. We also experience significant competition from promotional activities of our competitors, and some competitors may be able to devote greater resources to sourcing, promoting and selling their products. In this competitive marketplace, success is based on factors such as price, advertising, product assortment, quality, service, reputation and convenience. Our success depends on our ability to differentiate ourselves from our competitors with respect to shopping convenience, a quality assortment of available merchandise, functionality of digital channels, and superior customer service and experience. We must also successfully respond to our members' and customers' changing tastes and expectations. The performance of our competitors, as well as changes in their pricing policies, marketing activities, new store openings and other business strategies, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we fail to offer merchandise and services that our members and customers want, our sales may be limited, which would reduce our revenues and profits. In order for our business to be successful, we must identify, obtain supplies of, and offer to our members and customers, attractive, innovative and high-quality merchandise. Our products and services must satisfy the desires of our members and customers, whose preferences may change in the future. Our sales and operating results depend in part on our ability to predict consumer demand for products and services we sell, availability of merchandise, product trends, and our members' and customers' purchasing habits, tastes and preferences. If we misjudge these predictions, our relationship with our members and customers may be negatively impacted, and we may be faced with excess inventories of some products, which may impact our sales or require us to sell the merchandise we have obtained at lower prices, and missed opportunities for products and services we chose not to offer. In addition, merchandise misjudgments may adversely impact the perception or reputation of our company, which could result in declines in member and customer loyalty and vendor relationships. These factors could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If our integrated retail strategy to transform into a member-centric retailer is not successful, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. We are seeking to transform into a member-centric retailer through our integrated retail strategy, which is based on a number of initiatives, including our Shop Your Way program, that depend on, among other things, on our ability to respond quickly to ongoing technology developments and implement new ways to understand and rely on the data to interact with our members and customers and our ability to provide attractive, convenient and consistent online and mobile experiences for our members. We must anticipate and meet our members' and customers' evolving expectations, while counteracting developments by our competitors and striving to deliver a seamless experience across all of our sales channels. We may need to adjust our strategic initiatives depending on our members' and customers' reactions to and level of engagement with our initiatives. Failure to execute these initiatives or provide our members with positive experiences may result in a loss of active members, failure to attract new members and lower than anticipated sales. There is no assurance that our initiatives and strategies will improve our operating results. If we do not successfully manage our inventory levels, our operating results will be adversely affected. We must maintain sufficient inventory levels to operate our business successfully. However, we also must guard against accumulating excess inventory as we seek to minimize out-of-stock levels across all product categories and to maintain in-stock levels. We obtain a significant portion of our inventory from vendors located outside the United States. Some of these vendors require lengthy advance notice of our requirements in order to be able to supply products in the quantities we request. This usually requires us to order merchandise, and enter into purchase order contracts for the purchase and manufacture of such merchandise, well in advance of the time these products will be offered for sale. As a result, we may experience difficulty in responding quickly to a changing retail environment, which makes us vulnerable to changes in price and demand. If we do not accurately anticipate the future demand for a particular product or the time it will take to obtain new inventory, our inventory levels will not be appropriate and our results of operations may be negatively impacted. Our business has been and will continue to be affected by worldwide economic conditions; an economic downturn, a renewed decline in consumer-spending levels and other conditions, including inflation and changing prices of energy, could lead to reduced revenues and gross margins, and negatively impact our liquidity. Many economic and other factors are outside of our control, including consumer and commercial credit availability, consumer confidence and spending levels, as well as the impact of payroll tax and medical cost increases on U.S. consumers, recession, inflation, deflation, employment levels, housing sales and remodels, interest rates, tax rates, rates of economic growth, fiscal and monetary government policies, consumer debt levels, consumer debt payment behaviors, fuel costs and other challenges currently affecting the global economy, the full impact of which on our business, results of operations and financial condition cannot be predicted with certainty. These economic conditions adversely affect the disposable income levels of, and the credit available to, our members and customers, which could lead to reduced demand for our merchandise. Although fuel and energy costs have decreased in recent months, future increases may have a significant impact on our operations. We require significant quantities of fuel for the vehicles used by technicians in our home services business, and we are exposed to the risk associated with variations in the market price for petroleum products. We could experience a disruption in energy supplies, including our supply of gasoline, as a result of factors that are beyond our control, which could have an adverse effect on our business. Certain of our vendors also could experience increases in the cost of various raw materials, such as cotton, oil-related materials, steel and rubber, which could result in increases in the prices that we pay for merchandise, particularly apparel, appliances and tires. Domestic and international political events also affect consumer confidence. The threat, outbreak or escalation of terrorism, civil unrest, military conflicts or other hostilities could lead to a decrease in consumer spending. Any of these events and conditions could inhibit sales or cause us to increase inventory markdowns and promotional expenses, thereby reducing our gross margins. The lack of willingness of our vendors to do business with us or to provide acceptable payment terms could negatively impact our liquidity and/or reduce the availability of products or services we seek to procure. We depend on our vendors to provide us with financing on our purchases of inventory and services. Our vendors could seek to limit the availability of vendor credit to us or modify the other terms under which they sell to us, or both, which could negatively impact our liquidity. In addition, the inability of vendors to access liquidity, or the insolvency of vendors, could lead to their failure to deliver inventory or other services. Certain of our vendors finance their operations and/or reduce the risk associated with collecting accounts receivable from us by selling or "factoring" the receivables or by purchasing credit insurance or other forms of protection from loss associated with our credit risks. The ability of our vendors to do so is subject to the perceived credit quality of the Company. Such vendors could be limited in their ability to factor receivables or obtain credit protection in the future because of our perceived financial position and creditworthiness, which could reduce the availability of products or services we seek to procure, increase the cost to us of those products and services, or both. We have ongoing discussions concerning our liquidity and financial position with the vendor community and third parties that offer various credit protection services to our vendors. The topics discussed have included such areas as pricing, payment terms and ongoing business arrangements. As of the date of this report, we have not experienced any significant disruption in our access to merchandise or our operations; however, there can be no assurance that one or more of our vendors may not slow or cease merchandise shipments or require or condition the sale or shipment of merchandise on new payment terms or other assurances. Such circumstances could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Certain factors, including changes in market conditions and our credit ratings, may limit our access to capital markets and other financing sources and materially increase our borrowing costs. In addition to credit terms from vendors, our liquidity needs are funded by our operating cash flows and, to the extent necessary, borrowings under our credit agreements and commercial paper program, asset sales and access to capital markets. The availability of financing depends on numerous factors, including economic and market conditions, our operating performance, our credit ratings, and lenders' assessments of our prospects and the prospects of the retail industry in general. Changes in these factors may affect our cost of financing, liquidity and our ability to access financing sources, including our commercial paper program and possible second lien indebtedness that is permitted under the domestic revolving credit facility, with respect to each of which we have no lender commitments. Rating agencies revise their ratings for the companies that they follow from time to time. Several ratings agencies have downgraded the credit rating on certain of our outstanding debt instruments during the six months preceding the date of this report, and our ratings may be further revised or withdrawn in their entirety at any time. The Company's domestic credit facility currently provides up to $2.8 billion of lender commitments, $1.5 billion of which are revolving commitments. Our ability to borrow funds under this facility is limited by a borrowing base determined by the value, from time to time, of eligible inventory, accounts receivable and certain other assets. If, through asset sales or other means, the value of these eligible assets is not sufficient to support borrowings of up to the full amount of the commitments under this facility, we will not have full access to the facility, but rather will have access to a lesser amount determined by the borrowing base. A decline in the value of eligible assets also could result in our inability to borrow up to the full amount of second lien indebtedness permitted by the domestic credit facility as our second-lien borrowings are limited by a borrowing base requirement under the indenture that governs our senior secured notes due 2018. The domestic revolving credit facility imposes various other requirements, which take effect if availability falls below designated thresholds, including a cash dominion requirement. The domestic credit facility also effectively limits full access to the facility if our fixed charge ratio at the last day of any quarter is less than 1.0 to 1.0. As of January 28, 2017, our fixed charge ratio was less than 1.0 to 1.0. If availability under the domestic revolving credit facility were to fall below 10%, the Company would be required to test the fixed charge coverage ratio, and would not comply with the facility, and the lenders under the facility could demand immediate payment in full of all amounts outstanding and terminate their obligations under the facility. In addition, the domestic credit facility provides that in the event we make certain prepayments of indebtedness, for a period of one year thereafter we must maintain availability under the facility of at least 12.5%, and it prohibits certain other prepayments of indebtedness. The lenders under our various credit facilities may not be able to meet their commitments if they experience shortages of capital and liquidity. Disruptions or turmoil in the financial markets could reduce our ability to meet our capital requirements. There can be no assurance that our ability to otherwise access the credit markets will not be adversely affected by changes in the financial markets and the global economy. We cannot predict whether our plans to enhance our financial flexibility and liquidity to fund our transformation will be successful. We are continuing to pursue a transformation strategy and to explore potential initiatives to enhance our financial flexibility and liquidity. We have incurred significant losses and experienced negative operating cash flows for the past several years, and accordingly we have taken a number of actions to fund our continued transformation and meet our obligations, including the amendment and extension of our revolving credit facility, the first lien term loan facility due 2018, the entrance into the first lien term loan facility due 2020, the second lien term loan facility due 2020, the amendment of the senior secured letter of credit facility, the real estate term loan facility due July  2017 and the real estate term loan facility due 2020, the sale of the Craftsman brand, the rights offering and sale-leaseback transaction with Seritage Growth Properties, the separation of our Lands' End subsidiary, the Sears Canada rights offering, the rights offering for senior unsecured notes with warrants, and various real estate transactions. We also expect to pursue other near-term actions to bolster liquidity. If we continue to incur losses, additional actions may be required to further enhance our financial flexibility and liquidity. The success of our initiatives is subject to risks and uncertainties with respect to market conditions and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from our plans. We cannot assure that cash flows and other internal and external sources of liquidity will at all times be sufficient for our cash requirements. If necessary, we may need to consider actions and steps to improve our cash position, mitigate any potential liquidity shortfall, pursue additional sources of liquidity, and reduce costs. There can be no assurance that these actions would be successful. In addition, there can be no assurance that the evaluation and/or completion of any potential transactions will not have a negative impact on our other businesses. We cannot predict the outcome of any actions to generate liquidity, whether such actions would generate the expected liquidity as currently planned, or the availability of additional debt financing. The specific actions taken or assets involved, the timing, and the overall amount will depend on a variety of factors, including market conditions, interest in specific assets, valuations of those assets and our underlying operating performance. If we continue to experience operating losses and we are not able to generate additional liquidity through the mechanisms described above or through some combination of other actions, we may not be able to access additional funds under our domestic credit facility and we might need to secure additional sources of funds, which may or may not be available to us. Additionally, a failure to generate additional liquidity could negatively impact our access to inventory or services that are important to the operation of our business. Moreover, if the borrowing base (as calculated pursuant to the indenture) falls below the principal amount of the notes plus the principal amount of any other indebtedness for borrowed money that is secured by liens on the collateral for the notes on the last day of any two consecutive quarters, it could trigger an obligation to repurchase notes in an amount equal to such deficiency. Our business results and ability to fund our transformation depend on our ability to achieve cost savings initiatives and complete our previously announced restructuring program. In February 2017, we initiated a restructuring program targeted to deliver at least $1.0 billion in annualized cost savings. Under the restructuring program, we plan to reduce our corporate overhead, more closely integrate our Sears and Kmart operations and improve our merchandising, supply chain and inventory management. The anticipated savings also include cost reductions from the previously announced closure of 108 Kmart and 42 Sears stores. If we are unable to deliver the expected cost reductions or complete the restructuring program as planned, while continuing to invest in business growth, our financial results could be adversely impacted. Our ability to successfully manage and execute these initiatives and realize expected savings and benefits in the amounts and at the times anticipated is important to our business success, and any failure to do so, which could result from our inability to successfully execute plans, changes in global or regional economic conditions, competition, changes in the industries in which we compete, unanticipated costs or charges and other factors described herein, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. As part of our overhead reduction, we have reduced our corporate and operations headcount, including management level, distribution and field employees. These reductions, as well as attrition could result in the potential loss of specific knowledge relating to our company, operations and industry that could be difficult to replace. Also, we now operate with fewer employees, who have assumed additional duties and responsibilities. The restructuring program and workforce changes may negatively impact communication, morale, management cohesiveness and effective decision-making, which could have an adverse impact on our business operations, customer experience, sales and results of operations. Our business results may be negatively impacted as a result of the recapture rights included in the Master Leases in connection with the Seritage transaction and JV transactions. In 2015, we entered into various sale-lease back transactions with respect to certain of our real properties with Seritage Growth Properties ("Seritage") and certain joint ventures we formed with affiliates of Simon Property Group, Inc., General Growth Properties, Inc. and the Macerich Company (collectively, the "JVs"). In connection with the Seritage transaction and JV transactions, Holdings entered into agreements with Seritage and the JVs pursuant to which Holdings leased 255 of the properties (the "Master Leases"). The Master Leases include recapture provisions that allow Seritage or the JVs, as applicable, to reclaim approximately 50% of the space within these properties (subject to certain exceptions, including reclamation rights as to 100% of the space at 21 properties, and further subject to a lease termination payment by Seritage), in addition to all of the automotive care centers which are free-standing or attached as "appendages," and all outparcels or outlots, as well as certain portions of parking areas and common areas. While we believe these provisions are generally beneficial for Holdings as they facilitate the transformation of our physical stores, potentially enable us to rationalize our footprint by reducing the space we occupy in a given location, and provide us with substantial flexibility in how we manage our store network moving forward, if we are unable to successfully manage and execute our plans to operate our stores in the smaller footprint, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted. Additionally, the recapture rights are within the control of Seritage and the JVs and we cannot predict the timing on which the recapture rights may be exercised, if at all, or whether the timing of any such exercise of these rights will align well with the timing of our transformation, which could create disruptions in our operations. Potential liabilities in connection with the separation of Lands' End or other asset transactions may arise under fraudulent conveyance and transfer laws and legal capital requirements. With respect to the separation of our Lands' End, Inc. subsidiary, the sale of real estate assets to real estate investment trusts and other third parties, the sale of the Craftsman brand, and any future dispositions of other similar assets, if the Company, Lands' End, or any asset purchaser subsequently fails to pay its creditors or enters insolvency proceedings, the transaction may be challenged under U.S. federal, U.S. state and foreign fraudulent conveyance and transfer laws, as well as legal capital requirements governing distributions and similar transactions. If a court were to determine under these laws that, (a) at the time of the transaction, the entity in question: (1) was insolvent; (2) was rendered insolvent by reason of the transaction; (3) had remaining assets constituting unreasonably small capital; (4) intended to incur, or believed it would incur, debts beyond its ability to pay these debts as they matured; or (b) the transaction in question failed to satisfy applicable legal capital requirements, the court could determine that the transaction was voidable, in whole or in part. Subject to various defenses, the court could then require the Company, Lands' End, the respective purchaser, or other recipients of value in connection with any such transaction, as the case may be, to turn over value to other entities involved in the transaction and contemplated transactions for the benefit of unpaid creditors. The measure of insolvency and applicable legal capital requirements will vary depending upon the jurisdiction whose law is being applied. We rely extensively on computer systems to implement our integrated retail strategy, process transactions, summarize results and otherwise manage our business. Disruptions in these systems could harm our ability to run our business. Given the significance of our online and mobile capabilities, our collection and use of data to create personalized experiences, and the number of individual transactions we have each year, including in our stores, it is critical that we maintain uninterrupted operation of our computer and communications hardware and software systems, some of which are based on end-of-life or legacy technology, operate with minimal or no vendor support and are otherwise difficult to maintain. Our systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, worms, other malicious computer programs, denial-of-service attacks, security breaches, catastrophic events such as fires, tornadoes, hurricanes, acts of terrorism and usage errors by our employees. If our systems are damaged, breached or cease to function properly, we may have to make a significant investment to repair or replace them, and we may suffer loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our operations. Operating legacy systems subjects us to inherent costs and risks associated with maintaining, upgrading and replacing these systems and retaining sufficiently skilled personnel to maintain and operate the systems, demands on management time, and other risks and costs. Any material interruption in our  computer operations may have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations, including on our Shop Your Way program and participation in or engagement with that program. We are pursuing initiatives to transform our information technology processes and systems. These initiatives are highly complex and include replacing legacy systems, upgrading existing systems, and acquiring new systems and hardware with updated functionality. The risk of disruption is increased in periods when such complex and significant systems changes are undertaken. If we do not maintain the security of our member and customer, associate or company information, we could damage our reputation, incur substantial additional costs and become subject to litigation. The protection of member, customer, employee, and company data is critical to the Company. We have systems and processes in place that are designed to protect information and protect against security and data breaches as well as fraudulent transactions and other activities. Nevertheless, cyber-security risks such as malicious software and attempts to gain unauthorized access to data are rapidly evolving and becoming increasingly sophisticated. Techniques or software used to gain unauthorized access, and/or disable, degrade or harm our systems may be difficult to detect or scope for prolonged periods of time, and we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or put in place protective or preventive measures. These attempts to gain unauthorized access could lead to disruptions in our systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information or corruption of data. If individuals are successful in infiltrating, breaking into, disrupting, damaging or otherwise stealing from the computer systems of the Company or its third-party providers we may have to make a significant investment to fix or replace them, we may suffer interruptions in our operations in the interim, we may face costly litigation, government investigations, government enforcement actions, fines and/or lawsuits, the ability for our members to earn or redeem points in our Shop Your Way program may be impacted or halted, and our reputation with our members and customers may be significantly harmed. There is no guarantee that the procedures that we have implemented to protect against unauthorized access to secured data are adequate to safeguard against all data security breaches. A data security breach or any failure by us to comply with applicable privacy and information security laws and regulations could result in a loss of customer or member confidence and negatively impact our business, including our Shop Your Way program, and our results of operations. Moreover, a data security breach could require us to devote significant management resources to address the problems created by the breach and to expend significant additional resources to upgrade further the security measures that we employ to guard against such breaches, which could disrupt our business, operations and financial condition. As publicly announced on October 10, 2014, Kmart’s information technology team detected on October 9, 2014 that the Kmart store payment data system had been criminally breached beginning in early September 2014, that the payment data systems at Kmart stores were purposely infected with a new form of malware, and that debit and credit card numbers were potentially compromised. The Company has settled a class-action lawsuit in the Northern District of Illinois alleging violations relating to, and harm resulting from this incident and is awaiting final court approval of the settlement. We are subject to payment-related risks that could increase our operating costs, expose us to fraud or theft, subject us to potential liability and potentially disrupt our business operations. As a retailer who accepts payments using a variety of methods, including credit and debit cards, PayPal, and gift cards, the Company is subject to rules, regulations, contractual obligations and compliance requirements, including payment network rules and operating guidelines, data security standards and certification requirements, and rules governing electronic funds transfers. The regulatory environment related to information security and privacy is increasingly rigorous, with new and constantly changing requirements applicable to our business, and compliance with those requirements could result in additional costs or accelerate these costs. For certain payment methods, including credit and debit cards, we pay interchange and other fees, which could increase over time and raise our operating costs. We rely on third parties to provide payment processing services, including the processing of credit cards, debit cards, and other forms of electronic payment. If these companies become unable to provide these services to us, or if their systems are compromised, it could disrupt our business. The Payment Card Industry (PCI) has established standards for securing payment card data through the PCI Data Security Standards (DSS). The Company is required to conduct an annual assessment with a PCI Qualified Security Assessor to assess compliance with the PCI DSS. Based on the 2016 assessment, the Company was determined to be non-compliant with PCI DSS. The Company presently expects to address areas of non-compliance  prior to the deadline for the 2017 annual assessment in September 2017. A failure to achieve compliance with PCI DSS could result in the incurrence of fines, penalties or other liabilities by the Company. Due to the seasonality of our business, our annual operating results would be adversely affected if our business performs poorly in the fourth quarter. Due to the seasonality of our business, our operating results vary considerably from quarter to quarter. We generate a high proportion of revenues, operating income and operating cash flows during the fourth quarter of our year, which includes the holiday season. In addition, our Company incurs significant additional expenses for inventory, advertising and employees in the period leading up to the months of November and December in anticipation of higher sales volume in the fourth quarter. As a result, our fourth quarter operating results significantly impact our annual operating results. Our fourth quarter operating results may fluctuate significantly, based on many factors, including holiday spending patterns and weather conditions.  Our sales may fluctuate for a variety of reasons, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Our business is sensitive to customers' spending patterns, which in turn are subject to prevailing economic conditions. Our sales and results of operations have fluctuated in the past, and we expect them to continue to fluctuate in the future. A variety of other factors affect our sales and financial performance, including: •actions by our competitors, including opening of new stores in our existing markets or changes to the way these competitors go to market online;  actions by our competitors, including opening of new stores in our existing markets or changes to the way these competitors go to market online;  •seasonal fluctuations due to weather conditions;  seasonal fluctuations due to weather conditions;  •changes in our merchandise strategy and mix;  changes in our merchandise strategy and mix;  •changes in population and other demographics; and  changes in population and other demographics; and  •timing of our promotional events.  timing of our promotional events.  Accordingly, our results for any one quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any other quarter, and comparable store sales for any particular future period may increase or decrease. For more information on our results of operations, see Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We rely on foreign sources for significant amounts of our merchandise, and our business may therefore be negatively affected by the risks associated with international trade. We depend on a large number of products produced in foreign markets. We face risks, including reputational risks, associated with sourcing, purchasing, and the delivery of merchandise originating outside the United States, including: •potential economic and political instability in countries where our suppliers are located;  potential economic and political instability in countries where our suppliers are located;  •increases in shipping costs;  increases in shipping costs;  •manufacturing and transportation delays and interruptions, including without limitation, delays and interruptions resulting from labor slowdowns, strikes, or other disruptions at any port where merchandise we purchase enters the U.S.; manufacturing and transportation delays and interruptions, including without limitation, delays and interruptions resulting from labor slowdowns, strikes, or other disruptions at any port where merchandise we purchase enters the U.S.; •the availability of raw materials to suppliers; the availability of raw materials to suppliers; •supplier financial instability; supplier financial instability; •supplier compliance with applicable laws, including labor and environmental laws, and with our global compliance program for suppliers and factories; supplier compliance with applicable laws, including labor and environmental laws, and with our global compliance program for suppliers and factories; •merchandise safety and quality issues, adverse fluctuations in currency exchange rates; and merchandise safety and quality issues, adverse fluctuations in currency exchange rates; and •changes in U.S. and foreign laws affecting the importation and taxation of goods, including duties, tariffs and quotas, or changes in the enforcement of those laws.  changes in U.S. and foreign laws affecting the importation and taxation of goods, including duties, tariffs and quotas, or changes in the enforcement of those laws.  U.S. foreign trade policies, trade restrictions, other impositions on imported goods, trade sanctions imposed on certain countries, the limitation on the importation of certain types of goods or of goods containing certain materials from other countries, and other factors relating to foreign trade are beyond our control. These and other factors affecting our suppliers and our access to products could adversely affect our results of operations. We rely on third parties to provide us with services in connection with the administration of certain aspects of our business. We have entered into agreements with third-party service providers (both domestic and overseas) to provide processing and administrative functions over a broad range of areas, and we may continue to do so in the future. These areas include finance and accounting, information technology, including IT development, call center, human resources and procurement functions. Services provided by third parties could be interrupted as a result of many factors, such as acts of God or contract disputes, and any failure by third parties to provide us with these services on a timely basis or within our service level expectations and performance standards could result in a disruption of our business. In addition, to the extent we are unable to maintain our outsourcing arrangements, we could incur substantial costs, including costs associated with hiring new employees or finding an alternative outsourced solution. Moreover, the Company cannot make any assurances that it would be able to arrange for alternate or replacement outsourcing arrangements on terms as favorable as the Company’s existing agreements, if at all. Any inability on the part of the Company to do so could negatively affect our results of operations. These outsourcing arrangements also carry the risk that the Company will fail to adequately retain the significant internal historical knowledge of our business and systems that is transferred to the service providers as the employment of the Company's personnel who possess such knowledge ends. We could incur charges due to impairment of goodwill, intangible and long-lived assets. At January 28, 2017, we had goodwill and intangible asset balances of $1.8 billion, which are subject to periodic testing for impairment. Our long-lived assets, primarily stores, also are subject to periodic testing for impairment. A significant amount of judgment is involved in the periodic testing. Failure to achieve sufficient levels of cash flow within our reporting unit, or sales of our branded products or cash flow generated from operations at individual store locations could result in impairment charges for goodwill and intangible assets or fixed asset impairment for long-lived assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our reported results of operations. Impairment charges, if any, resulting from the periodic testing are non-cash. A significant decline in the property fair values could result in long-lived asset impairment charges. A significant and sustained decline in our stock price could result in goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges. During times of financial market volatility, significant judgment is used to determine the underlying cause of the decline and whether stock price declines are short-term in nature or indicative of an event or change in circumstances. See Notes 12 and 13 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. Our failure to attract or retain employees, including key personnel, may disrupt our business and adversely affect our financial results. Our business is dependent on our ability to attract, develop, and retain qualified employees, many of whom are entry-level or part-time positions with historically high turnover rates. Our ability to meet our labor needs and control labor costs is subject to external factors such as unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates, collective bargaining efforts, health care and other benefit costs, changing demographics, and our reputation within the labor market. If we are unable to attract and retain adequate numbers and an appropriate mix of qualified employees, the quality of service we provide to our customers may decrease and our financial performance may be adversely affected. Further, we depend on the contributions of key personnel, including Edward S. Lampert, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and other key employees, for our future success. Although certain executives have employment agreements with us, changes in our senior management and any future departures of key employees may disrupt our business and materially adversely affect our results of operations. Affiliates of our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, whose interests may be different than your interests, exert substantial influence over our Company. Affiliates of Edward S. Lampert, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, collectively own approximately 48% of the outstanding shares of our common stock at January 28, 2017. These affiliates are controlled, directly or indirectly, by Mr. Lampert. Accordingly, these affiliates, and thus Mr. Lampert, have substantial influence over many, if not all, actions to be taken or approved by our stockholders, including the election of directors and any transactions involving a change of control.  The interests of these affiliates, which have investments in other companies, including Seritage and our former subsidiaries, Sears Hometown and Outlet Stores, Inc., Lands' End, Inc. and Sears Canada, may from time to time diverge from the interests of our other stockholders, particularly with regard to new investment opportunities. This substantial influence may also have the effect of discouraging offers to acquire our Company because the consummation of any such acquisition would likely require the consent of these affiliates. We may be unable to protect or preserve the image of our brands and our intellectual property rights, which could have a negative impact on our business. We regard our copyrights, service marks, trademarks, trade dress, trade secrets, patents and similar intellectual property as critical to our success, particularly those that relate to our private branded merchandise. As such, we rely on trademark and copyright law, patent law, trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements with our associates, consultants, vendors, and others to protect our proprietary rights. Nevertheless, the steps we take to protect our proprietary rights may be inadequate. If we are unable to protect or preserve the value of our trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, patents or other proprietary rights for any reason, or if we fail to maintain the image of our brands due to merchandise and service quality issues, actual or perceived, adverse publicity, governmental investigations or litigation, or other reasons, our brands and reputation could be damaged and we could lose members and customers. Our sales and operating results could be adversely affected by product safety concerns or claims concerning the services we offer. If our merchandise offerings do not meet applicable safety standards or consumer expectations regarding safety, we could experience decreased sales, increased costs, and exposure to reputational risk and personal injury, death, or property damage claims related to such merchandise. Such matters may require us to take actions such as product recalls and could give rise to government enforcement actions. We also provide various services to our members and customers, which could also give rise to such claims and government actions. Although we maintain liability insurance, we cannot be certain that our coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred or that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all. Reputational damage caused by and claims arising from real or perceived product safety concerns or from the services we offer could negatively affect our business and results of operations. We may be subject to periodic litigation and other regulatory proceedings. These proceedings may be affected by changes in laws and government regulations or changes in the enforcement thereof. From time to time, we may be involved in lawsuits and regulatory actions relating to our business, certain of which may be in jurisdictions with reputations for aggressive application of laws and procedures against corporate defendants. Some of these actions have the potential for significant statutory penalties, and compensatory, treble or punitive damages. Our pharmacy, home services and grocery businesses, in particular, are subject to numerous federal, state and local regulations, and a significant change in, or noncompliance with, these regulations could have a material adverse effect on our compliance costs and results of operations. We are impacted by trends in litigation, including class-action allegations brought under various consumer protection and employment laws, including wage and hour laws, patent infringement claims, and investigations and actions that are based on allegations of untimely compliance or noncompliance with applicable regulations or statutes. Due to the inherent uncertainties of litigation and regulatory proceedings, we cannot accurately predict the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings. An unfavorable outcome could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, regardless of the outcome of any litigation or regulatory proceedings, these proceedings could result in substantial costs and may require that we devote substantial resources to defend our Company. Further, changes in governmental regulations both in the United States and in the other countries where we operate could have adverse effects on our business and subject us to additional regulatory actions. For a description of current legal proceedings, see Item 3, Legal Proceedings, as well as Note 18 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our pension and postretirement benefit plan obligations are currently underfunded, and we may have to make significant cash payments to some or all of these plans, which would reduce the cash available for our businesses. We have unfunded obligations under our domestic pension and postretirement benefit plans. The funded status of our pension plans is dependent upon many factors, including returns on invested assets, the level of certain market interest rates and the discount rate used to determine pension obligations. Unfavorable returns on the plan assets or unfavorable changes in applicable laws or regulations could materially change the timing and amount of required plan funding, which would reduce the cash available for our businesses. In addition, a decrease in the discount rate used to determine pension obligations could result in an increase in the valuation of pension obligations, which could affect the reported funding status of our pension plans and future contributions, as well as the periodic pension cost in subsequent years. Moreover, unfavorable regulatory action could materially change the timing and amount of required plan funding and negatively impact our business operations and impair our business strategy. On March 18, 2016, we entered into a five-year pension plan protection and forbearance agreement with the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation ("PBGC"), pursuant to which the Company has agreed to continue to protect, or "ring-fence," pursuant to customary covenants, the assets of certain special purpose subsidiaries (the "Relevant Subsidiaries") holding real estate and/or intellectual property assets. Also under the agreement, the Relevant Subsidiaries granted PBGC a springing lien on the ring-fenced assets, which lien will be triggered only by (a) failure to make required contributions to the Company's pension plans (the "Plans"), (b) prohibited transfers of ownership interests in the Relevant Subsidiaries, (c) termination events with respect to the Plans, or (d) bankruptcy events with respect to the Company or certain of its material subsidiaries. The Company will continue to make required contributions to the Plans, the scheduled amounts of which are not affected by the arrangement. Under the agreement, the PBGC has agreed to forbear from initiating an involuntary termination of the Plans, except upon the occurrence of specified conditions, one of which is based on the aggregate market value of the Company’s issued and outstanding stock. As of the date of this report, the Company’s stock price is such that the PBGC would be permitted to cease forbearance. The PBGC has been given notice in accordance with the terms of the agreement and has not communicated any intention to cease its forbearance; however, if the PBGC were to initiate an involuntary termination of the Plans, our financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. We may not realize the full anticipated benefits of the recently closed Craftsman Sale transaction.  We may not realize the full anticipated benefits of the recently closed Craftsman Sale transaction (the "Craftsman Sale"), in which case our business, financial results or operations could be adversely affected. Under the Purchase Agreement, during the 15-year period following the closing of the Craftsman Sale, Holdings is entitled to receive additional contingent payments based on a specified percentage of aggregate worldwide net sales (as defined in the Purchase Agreement) of Stanley Black & Decker and its affiliates of Craftsman-branded products. These contingent payments are dependent upon Stanley successfully maintaining and increasing market demand for, and sales of, Craftsman-branded products, and there can be no assurance regarding the amount or timing of any such contingent payments. In addition, following the closing of the Craftsman Sale, we will have the right to continue to use the Licensed IP and sell Craftsman-branded products in certain distribution channels pursuant to a license agreement with Stanley. If the license is terminated, or if the terms of the license agreement are otherwise modified, we may not be able to continue to market, procure or sell Craftsman-branded products on favorable terms or at all, and our business may be adversely affected. Our failure to comply with federal, state, local and international laws, or changes in these laws could adversely affect our results of operations. Our business is subject to a wide array of laws and regulations. If we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we could be subject to legal risk, including government enforcement action and class action civil litigation that could increase our cost of doing business. Changes in the regulatory environment regarding topics such as privacy and information security, product safety, environmental protection, payment methods and related fees, responsible sourcing, supply chain transparency, wage and hour laws, health care mandates and other  applicable laws and regulations could also cause our compliance costs to increase and adversely affect our results of operations. Our performance could further be impacted by changes in legislation, trade policies and agreements, energy and environmental standards, and tax laws and regulations. The current U.S. Administration has signaled that it may alter trade agreements and terms with foreign countries, including limiting trade and/or imposing a tariff on imports from certain foreign countries. If any such restrictions or tariffs are imposed on products that we import, we may be required to raise our prices, which could result in decreased sales. Further, changes in environmental and energy efficiency standards and regulations applicable to products that we develop and/or sell, and potential changes in the size and availability of tax incentives applicable to such products, may impact the types, characteristics, and consumer interest in such products, which may negatively impact our results of operations. Moreover, future legislation or regulations, including environmental matters, product certification, product liability, tariffs, duties, taxes, tax incentives and other matters, may impact our results. Major developments in tax policy or trade relations, such as the disallowance of tax deductions for imported merchandise or the imposition of unilateral tariffs on imported products, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and liquidity. In addition, various corporate tax reform proposals being discussed on Capitol Hill and in the U.S. Administration could impact our Company. A reduction in corporate income tax rates at the Federal level could be favorable to our financial position, while other ideas such as a border tax could dramatically increase our tax burden and raise the costs of goods for our consumers.  Weather conditions and natural disasters may impact consumer shopping patterns and could adversely affect our results of operations. Significant weather conditions where our stores are located could negatively affect the Company's business and results of operations. Heavy snowfall, ice storms, rainstorms or other extreme weather conditions over a prolonged period could make it difficult for our members and customers to travel to our stores, thus leading to decreased sales. Our business is also susceptible to unseasonable weather conditions, such as unseasonably warm temperatures during the winter season or cool weather during the summer season, which could reduce demand for certain inventory and compromise our efforts to predict and manage inventory levels effectively. In addition, extreme weather conditions could result in disruption or delay of production and delivery of materials and products in our supply chain. In addition, natural disasters such as hurricanes, tornadoes and earthquakes, or a combination of these or other factors, could damage or destroy our facilities or make it difficult for members and customers to travel to our stores, thereby negatively affecting our business and results of operations as well as causing us to incur significant expenses to repair or replace such facilities.  Our stock price has been and may continue to be volatile. The market price of our common stock has fluctuated substantially and may continue to fluctuate significantly. Future announcements or disclosures concerning us or any of our competitors, our strategic initiatives, our sales and profitability, any quarterly variations in actual or anticipated operating results or comparable sales, any failure to meet analysts' expectations and sales of large blocks of our common stock, among other factors, could cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate substantially.  Increases in the cost of employee benefits could impact our financial results and cash flow. Our expenses relating to employee health benefits are significant. Unfavorable changes in the cost of such benefits could negatively affect our financial results and cash flow. Healthcare costs have risen significantly in recent years, and recent legislative and private sector initiatives regarding healthcare reform have resulted, and could continue to result in significant changes to the U.S. healthcare system. Due to the breadth and complexity of the healthcare reform legislation, and the potential for change in this regard under the current U.S. Administration, we are unable at this time to fully determine the impact that further healthcare reform will have on our employee health benefit plans.