Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.  If we fail to offer merchandise and services that our members and customers want, our sales may be limited, which would reduce our revenues and profits.  In order for our business to be successful, we must identify, obtain supplies of, and offer to our members and customers, attractive, innovative and high-quality merchandise on a continuous basis. Our products and services must satisfy the desires of our members and customers, whose preferences may change in the future. If we misjudge either the demand for products and services we sell or our members' and customers' purchasing habits and tastes, we may be faced with excess inventories of some products and missed opportunities for products and services we chose not to offer. In addition, our sales may decline or we may be required to sell the merchandise we have obtained at lower prices. This would have a negative effect on our business and results of operations.  If our integrated retail strategy to transform into a member-centric retailer is not successful, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. We are seeking to transform into a member-centric retailer through our integrated retail strategy, which is based on a number of initiatives, including our Shop Your Way® program, that depend, among other things, on our ability to respond quickly to ongoing technology developments and implement new ways to understand and rely on the data to interact with our members and customers in order to achieve expected benefits. In addition, one or more of these initiatives may not be accepted by our members and customers, which may result in the Company's sales being less than it anticipates; and no assurance can be given that our strategy and offerings will be successful and will not have a material adverse effect on our reputation, financial condition and operating results. If we do not successfully manage our inventory levels, our operating results will be adversely affected.  We must maintain sufficient inventory levels to operate our business successfully. However, we also must guard against accumulating excess inventory as we seek to minimize out-of-stock levels across all product categories and to maintain in-stock levels. We obtain a significant portion of our inventory from vendors located outside the United States. Some of these vendors often require lengthy advance notice of our requirements in order to be able to supply products in the quantities we request. This usually requires us to order merchandise, and enter into purchase order contracts for the purchase and manufacture of such merchandise, well in advance of the time these products will be offered for sale. As a result, we may experience difficulty in responding to a changing retail environment, which makes us vulnerable to changes in price. If we do not accurately anticipate the future demand for a particular product or the time it will take to obtain new inventory, our inventory levels will not be appropriate and our results of operations may be negatively impacted.  If we are unable to compete effectively in the highly competitive retail industry, our business and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.  The retail industry is highly competitive with few barriers to entry. We compete with a wide variety of retailers, including other department stores, discounters, home improvement stores, appliances and consumer electronics retailers, auto service providers, specialty retailers, wholesale clubs and many other competitors operating on a national, regional or local level. Some of our competitors are actively engaged in new store expansion. Online and catalog businesses, which handle similar lines of merchandise, and some of which are not required to collect sales taxes on purchases made by their customers, also compete with us. In this competitive marketplace, success is based on factors such as price, product assortment and quality, service and convenience.  Our success depends on our ability to differentiate ourselves from our competitors with respect to shopping convenience, a quality assortment of available merchandise and superior customer service. We must also successfully respond to our members' and customers' changing tastes. The performance of our competitors, as well as changes in their pricing policies, marketing activities, new store openings and other business strategies, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our business has been and will continue to be affected by worldwide economic conditions; a failure of the economy to sustain its recovery, a renewed decline in consumer-spending levels and other conditions, including inflation and changing prices of energy, could lead to reduced revenues and gross margins, and negatively impact our liquidity.  Many economic and other factors are outside of our control, including consumer and commercial credit availability, consumer confidence and spending levels, including the impact of payroll tax and medical cost increases on U.S. consumers, inflation, employment levels, housing sales and remodels, consumer debt levels, fuel costs and other challenges currently affecting the global economy, the full impact of which on our business, results of operations and financial condition cannot be predicted with certainty. These economic conditions adversely affect the disposable income levels of, and the credit available to, our members and customers, which could lead to reduced demand for our merchandise. Although fuel and energy costs have decreased in recent months, future increases may have a significant impact on our operations. We require significant quantities of fuel for the vehicles used by technicians in our home services business and we are exposed to the risk associated with variations in the market price for petroleum products. We could experience a disruption in energy supplies, including our supply of gasoline, as a result of factors that are beyond our control, which could have an adverse effect on our business. Certain of our vendors also could experience increases in the cost of various raw materials, such as cotton, oil-related materials, steel and rubber, which could result in increases in the prices that we pay for merchandise, particularly apparel, appliances and tires. The domestic and international political situation also affects consumer confidence. The threat, outbreak or escalation of terrorism, military conflicts or other hostilities could lead to a decrease in consumer spending. Any of these events and factors could cause us to increase inventory markdowns and promotional expenses, thereby reducing our gross margins and operating results.  The lack of willingness of our vendors to provide acceptable payment terms could negatively impact our liquidity and/or reduce the availability of products or services we seek to procure. We depend on our vendors to provide us with financing on our purchases of inventory and services. Our vendors could seek to limit the availability of vendor credit to us or other terms under which they sell to us, or both, which could negatively impact our liquidity. In addition, the inability of vendors to access liquidity, or the insolvency of vendors, could lead to their failure to deliver inventory or other services. Certain of our vendors finance their operations and/or reduce the risk associated with collecting accounts receivable from us by selling or "factoring" the receivables or by purchasing credit insurance or other forms of protection from loss associated with our credit risks. The ability of our vendors to do so is subject to the perceived credit quality of the Company. Such vendors could be limited in their ability to factor receivables or obtain credit protection in the future because of our perceived financial position and creditworthiness, which could reduce the availability of products or services we seek to procure. We have ongoing discussions concerning our liquidity and financial position with the vendor community and third parties that offer various credit protection services to our vendors. The topics discussed have included such areas as pricing, payment terms and ongoing business arrangements. As of the date of this report, we have not experienced any significant disruption in our access to merchandise or our operations. Certain factors, including changes in market conditions and our credit ratings, may limit our access to capital markets and other financing sources and materially increase our borrowing costs. In addition to credit terms from vendors, our liquidity needs are funded by our operating cash flows and, to the extent necessary, borrowings under our credit agreements and commercial paper program, asset sales and access to capital markets. The availability of financing depends on numerous factors, including economic and market conditions, our operating performance, our credit ratings, and lenders' assessments of our prospects and the prospects of the retail industry in general. Changes in these factors may affect our cost of financing, liquidity and our ability to access financing sources, including our commercial paper program and possible second lien indebtedness that is permitted under the domestic revolving credit facility, with respect to each of which we have no lender commitments. Rating agencies revise their ratings for the companies that they follow from time to time and our ratings may be revised or withdrawn in their entirety at any time.  While the Company's domestic revolving credit facility currently provides for up to $3.275 billion of lender commitments, our ability to borrow funds under this facility is limited by a borrowing base determined relative to the value, from time to time, of eligible inventory, accounts receivable and certain other assets. In addition, our ability to incur possible second lien indebtedness that is otherwise permitted under the domestic revolving credit facility is limited by a borrowing base requirement under the indenture that governs our senior secured notes due 2018. If, through asset sales or other means, the value of these eligible assets is not sufficient to support borrowings of up to the full amount of the commitments under this facility, we will not have full access to the facility, but rather could have access to a lesser amount determined by the borrowing base. Such a decline in the value of eligible assets also could result in our inability to borrow up to the full amount of second lien indebtedness permitted by the domestic credit facility, but rather we could be limited to borrowing a lesser amount determined by the borrowing base as calculated pursuant to the terms of the indenture. The domestic revolving credit facility imposes various other requirements, which take effect if availability falls below designated thresholds, including a cash dominion requirement. The domestic credit facility also effectively limits full access to the facility if our fixed charge ratio at the last day of any quarter is less than 1.0 to 1.0. As of January 31, 2015, our fixed charge ratio was less than 1.0 to 1.0. If availability under the domestic revolving credit facility were to fall below 10%, the Company would be required to test the fixed charge coverage ratio, and would not comply with the facility, and the lenders under the facility could demand immediate payment in full of all amounts outstanding and terminate their obligations under the facility. The lenders under our credit facilities may not be able to meet their commitments if they experience shortages of capital and liquidity and there can be no assurance that our ability to otherwise access the credit markets will not be adversely affected by changes in the financial markets and the global economy.  We cannot predict whether our plans to enhance our financial flexibility and liquidity to fund our transformation will be successful. We are continuing to pursue a transformation strategy and to explore potential initiatives to enhance our financial flexibility and liquidity. We are exploring the formation of a Real Estate Investment Trust ("REIT"). We currently expect proceeds in excess of $2.0 billion from the REIT transaction. We have incurred losses and experienced negative operating cash flows for the past several years, and accordingly we have taken a number of actions to enhance our financial flexibility and fund our continued transformation, including the senior secured term loan facility due 2018, the separation of our Lands' End subsidiary, the secured short-term loan, the Sears Canada rights offering, the rights offering for senior unsecured notes with warrants and real estate transactions. The achievement of our objectives and outcome of our initiatives are subject to risks and uncertainties with respect to market conditions and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from our plans, and there can be no assurance that transactions to monetize assets or other actions to generate liquidity will become available on terms that are acceptable to us, on intended timetables or at all. In addition, there can be no assurance that the evaluation and/or completion of any potential transactions will not have a negative impact on our other businesses.  We cannot predict the outcome of the actions to generate liquidity to fund our transformation, whether such actions would generate the expected liquidity to fund the transformation as currently planned or whether the costs of such actions or costs of this or future financings would more than offset any improvements to our earnings and liquidity resulting from our transformation initiatives. If we continue to experience operating losses, and we are not able to generate enough funds from the above actions (or some combination of other actions), the availability under our domestic revolving credit facility might be fully utilized, in particular during our peak borrowing period, and we would need to secure additional sources of funds.  Potential liabilities in connection with the separation of Lands' End may arise under fraudulent conveyance and transfer laws and legal capital requirements.  With respect to the separation of our Lands' End, Inc. subsidiary through a pro rata distribution to our stockholders (the "LE Spin-off"), if either Holdings or Lands' End subsequently fails to pay its creditors or enters insolvency proceedings, the transaction may be challenged under U.S. federal, U.S. state and foreign fraudulent conveyance and transfer laws, as well as legal capital requirements governing distributions and similar transactions. If a court were to determine under these laws that, (a) at the time of the LE Spin-off, the entity in question: (1) was  insolvent; (2) was rendered insolvent by reason of the LE Spin-off; (3) had remaining assets constituting unreasonably small capital; (4) intended to incur, or believed it would incur, debts beyond its ability to pay these debts as they matured; or (b) the transaction in question failed to satisfy applicable legal capital requirements, the court could determine that the LE Spin-off was voidable, in whole or in part. Subject to various defenses, the court could then require Holdings or Lands' End, or other recipients of value in connection with the LE Spin-off (potentially including Lands' End stockholders as recipients of shares of Lands' End common stock in connection with the spin-off), as the case may be, to turn over value to other entities involved in the LE Spin-off and contemplated transactions for the benefit of unpaid creditors. The measure of insolvency and applicable legal capital requirements will vary depending upon the jurisdiction whose law is being applied. We rely extensively on computer systems to implement our integrated retail strategy, process transactions, summarize results and otherwise manage our business. Disruptions in these systems could harm our ability to run our business.  Given the significance of our online and mobile capabilities, our collection and use of data to create personalized experiences, and the number of individual transactions we have each year, including in our stores, it is critical that we maintain uninterrupted operation of our computer and communications hardware and software systems, some of which are based on end-of-life or legacy technology, operate with minimal or no vendor support and are otherwise difficult to maintain. Our systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches, catastrophic events such as fires, tornadoes and hurricanes, and usage errors by our employees. Operating legacy systems subject us to inherent costs and risks associated with maintaining, upgrading and replacing these systems and retaining sufficiently skilled personnel to maintain and operate the systems, demands on management time, and other risks and costs. Any material interruption in our computer operations may have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations, including on our Shop Your Way® program and participation in or engagement with that program. We are pursuing initiatives to transform our information technology processes and systems. These initiatives are highly complex and include replacing legacy systems, upgrading existing systems, and acquiring new systems and hardware with updated functionality. The risk of disruption is increased in periods when such complex and significant systems changes are undertaken. If we do not maintain the security of our member and customer, associate or company information, we could damage our reputation, incur substantial additional costs and become subject to litigation.  Cyber-security risks such as malicious software and attempts to gain unauthorized access to data are rapidly evolving. Techniques or software used to gain unauthorized access, and/or disable, degrade or harm our systems may be difficult to detect or scope for prolonged periods of time, and we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or put in place protective or preventive measures. These attempts to gain unauthorized access could lead to disruptions in our systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information or corruption of data. If individuals are successful in infiltrating, breaking into, disrupting, damaging or otherwise stealing from the computer systems of the Company or its third-party providers we may have to make a significant investment to fix or replace them, we may suffer interruptions in our operations in the interim, we may face costly litigation, government investigations, government enforcement actions, fines and/or lawsuits, the ability for our members to earn or redeem points in our Shop Your Way® program may be impacted or halted, and our reputation with our members and customers may be significantly harmed. As publicly announced on October 10, 2014, Kmart’s information technology team detected on October 9, 2014 that the Kmart store payment data system had been criminally breached beginning in early September, that the payment data systems at Kmart stores were purposely infected with a new form of malware, and that debit and credit card numbers were potentially compromised. In December 2014, First NBC Bank filed a putative class action lawsuit against us in the Northern District of Illinois for alleged violations relating to, and harm resulting from, the incident. Two other similar lawsuits were filed by financial institutions against us in February 2015 in the Western District of Pennsylvania and the Eastern District of Louisiana. In addition, we have received requests for information and are subject to investigations regarding this incident from various regulatory and other government agencies. The regulatory environment related to information security and privacy is increasingly rigorous, with new and constantly changing requirements applicable to our business, and compliance with those requirements could result in  additional costs or accelerate these costs. There is no guarantee that the procedures that we have implemented to protect against further unauthorized access to secured data are adequate to safeguard against all data security breaches. A data security breach or any failure by us to comply with applicable privacy and information security laws and regulations could result in a loss of customer or member confidence and negatively impact our business, including our Shop Your Way® program, and our results of operations. Due to the seasonality of our business, our annual operating results would be adversely affected if our business performs poorly in the fourth quarter.  Our business is seasonal, with a high proportion of revenues, operating income and operating cash flows being generated during the fourth quarter of our year, which includes the holiday season. As a result, our fourth quarter operating results significantly impact our annual operating results. Our fourth quarter operating results may fluctuate significantly, based on many factors, including holiday spending patterns and weather conditions.  Our sales may fluctuate for a variety of reasons, which could adversely affect our results of operations.  Our business is sensitive to customers' spending patterns, which in turn are subject to prevailing economic conditions. Our sales and results of operations have fluctuated in the past, and we expect them to continue to fluctuate in the future. A variety of other factors affect our sales and financial performance, including:  •actions by our competitors, including opening of new stores in our existing markets or changes to the way these competitors go to market online,  actions by our competitors, including opening of new stores in our existing markets or changes to the way these competitors go to market online,  •seasonal fluctuations due to weather conditions,  seasonal fluctuations due to weather conditions,  •changes in our merchandise strategy and mix,  changes in our merchandise strategy and mix,  •changes in population and other demographics, and  changes in population and other demographics, and  •timing of our promotional events.  timing of our promotional events.  Accordingly, our results for any one quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any other quarter, and comparable store sales for any particular future period may increase or decrease. For more information on our results of operations, see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in Item 7 of this report on Form 10-K.  We rely on foreign sources for significant amounts of our merchandise, and our business may therefore be negatively affected by the risks associated with international trade.  We depend on a large number of products produced in foreign markets. We face risks, including reputational risks, associated with the delivery of merchandise originating outside the United States, including:  •potential economic and political instability in countries where our suppliers are located,  potential economic and political instability in countries where our suppliers are located,  •increases in shipping costs,  increases in shipping costs,  •manufacturing and transportation delays and interruptions,  manufacturing and transportation delays and interruptions,  •supplier compliance with applicable laws, including labor and environmental laws, and with our global compliance program for suppliers and factories, supplier compliance with applicable laws, including labor and environmental laws, and with our global compliance program for suppliers and factories, •adverse fluctuations in currency exchange rates, and  adverse fluctuations in currency exchange rates, and  •changes in U.S. and foreign laws affecting the importation and taxation of goods, including duties, tariffs and quotas, or changes in the enforcement of those laws.  changes in U.S. and foreign laws affecting the importation and taxation of goods, including duties, tariffs and quotas, or changes in the enforcement of those laws.  We rely on third parties to provide us with services in connection with the administration of certain aspects of our business.  We have entered into agreements with third-party service providers (both domestic and overseas) to provide processing and administrative functions over a broad range of areas, and we may continue to do so in the future. These areas include finance and accounting, information technology, including IT development, call center, human  resources and procurement functions. Services provided by third parties as a part of outsourcing initiatives could be interrupted as a result of many factors, such as acts of God or contract disputes, and any failure by third parties to provide us with these services on a timely basis or within our service level expectations and performance standards could result in a disruption of our business. In addition, to the extent we are unable to maintain our outsourcing arrangements; we would incur substantial costs, including costs associated with hiring new employees, in order to return these services in-house. These outsourcing arrangements also carry the risk that the Company will fail to adequately retain the significant internal historical knowledge of our business and systems that is transferred to the service providers as the employment of the Company's personnel who possess such knowledge ends. We could incur charges due to impairment of goodwill, intangible and long-lived assets. At January 31, 2015, we had goodwill and intangible asset balances of $2.4 billion, which are subject to periodic testing for impairment. Our long-lived assets, primarily stores, also are subject to periodic testing for impairment. A significant amount of judgment is involved in the periodic testing. Failure to achieve sufficient levels of cash flow within our reporting unit, or sales of our branded products or cash flow generated from operations at individual store locations could result in impairment charges for goodwill and intangible assets or fixed asset impairment for long-lived assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our reported results of operations. Impairment charges, if any, resulting from the periodic testing are non-cash. A significant and sustained decline in our stock price could result in goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges. During times of financial market volatility, significant judgment is used to determine the underlying cause of the decline and whether stock price declines are short-term in nature or indicative of an event or change in circumstances. See Notes 12 and 13 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. The loss of key personnel may disrupt our business and adversely affect our financial results.  We depend on the contributions of key personnel, including Edward S. Lampert, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and other key employees, for our future success. Although certain executives have employment agreements with us, changes in our senior management and any future departures of key employees may disrupt our business and materially adversely affect our results of operations.  Affiliates of our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, whose interests may be different than your interests, exert substantial influence over our Company.  Affiliates of Edward S. Lampert, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, collectively own approximately 49% of the outstanding shares of our common stock. These affiliates are controlled, directly or indirectly, by Mr. Lampert. Accordingly, these affiliates, and thus Mr. Lampert, have substantial influence over many, if not all, actions to be taken or approved by our stockholders, including the election of directors and any transactions involving a change of control.  The interests of these affiliates, which have investments in other companies, including our former subsidiaries, Sears Hometown and Outlet Stores, Inc., Lands' End, Inc. and Sears Canada, may from time to time diverge from the interests of our other stockholders, particularly with regard to new investment opportunities. This substantial influence may have the effect of discouraging offers to acquire our Company because the consummation of any such acquisition would likely require the consent of these affiliates.  We may be unable to protect or preserve the image of our brands and our intellectual property rights, which could have a negative impact on our business. We regard our copyrights, service marks, trademarks, trade dress, trade secrets, patents and similar intellectual property as critical to our success, particularly those that relate to our private branded merchandise. As such, we rely on trademark and copyright law, patent law, trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements with our associates, consultants, vendors, and others to protect our proprietary rights. Nevertheless, the steps we take to protect our proprietary rights may be inadequate. If we are unable to protect or preserve the value of our trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, patents or other proprietary rights for any reason, or if we fail to maintain the image of our brands due to merchandise and service quality issues, actual or perceived, adverse publicity, governmental  investigations or litigation, or other reasons, our brands and reputation could be damaged and we could lose members and customers.  We may be subject to product liability claims if people or properties are harmed by the products we sell or the services we offer.  Some of the products we sell may expose us to product liability claims relating to personal injury, death, or property damage caused by such products, and may require us to take actions such as product recalls. We also provide various services, which could also give rise to such claims. Although we maintain liability insurance, we cannot be certain that our coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred or that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all.  We may be subject to periodic litigation and other regulatory proceedings. These proceedings may be affected by changes in laws and government regulations or changes in the enforcement thereof.  From time to time, we may be involved in lawsuits and regulatory actions relating to our business, certain of which may be in jurisdictions with reputations for aggressive application of laws and procedures against corporate defendants. Some of these actions have the potential for significant statutory penalties, and compensatory, treble or punitive damages. Our pharmacy, home services and grocery businesses, in particular, are subject to numerous federal, state and local regulations, and a significant change in, or noncompliance with, these regulations could have a material adverse effect on our compliance costs and results of operations. We are impacted by trends in litigation, including class-action allegations brought under various consumer protection and employment laws, including wage and hour laws, patent infringement claims and investigations and actions that are based on allegations of untimely compliance or noncompliance with applicable regulations or statutes. Due to the inherent uncertainties of litigation and regulatory proceedings, we cannot accurately predict the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings. An unfavorable outcome could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, regardless of the outcome of any litigation or regulatory proceedings, these proceedings could result in substantial costs and may require that we devote substantial resources to defend our Company. Further, changes in governmental regulations both in the United States and in the other countries where we operate could have adverse effects on our business and subject us to additional regulatory actions. For a description of current legal proceedings, see Item 3, "Legal Proceedings," as well as Note 18 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this report on Form 10-K.  Our pension and postretirement benefit plan obligations are currently underfunded, and we may have to make significant cash payments to some or all of these plans, which would reduce the cash available for our businesses.  We have unfunded obligations under our domestic pension and postretirement benefit plans, and we have been in discussions with the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation concerning our pension obligations and potential REIT transaction. The funded status of our pension plans is dependent upon many factors, including returns on invested assets, the level of certain market interest rates and the discount rate used to determine pension obligations. Unfavorable returns on the plan assets or unfavorable changes in applicable laws or regulations could materially change the timing and amount of required plan funding, which would reduce the cash available for our businesses. In addition, a decrease in the discount rate used to determine pension obligations could result in an increase in the valuation of pension obligations, which could affect the reported funding status of our pension plans and future contributions, as well as the periodic pension cost in subsequent years. Moreover, unfavorable regulatory action could materially change the timing and amount of required plan funding and negatively impact our business operations and impair our business strategy.