If we fail to offer merchandise and services that our customers want, our sales may be limited, which would reduce our revenues and profits.
 In order for our business to be successful, we must identify, obtain supplies of, and offer to our customers, attractive,
innovative and high-quality merchandise on a continuous basis. Our products and services must satisfy the desires of our customers, whose preferences may change in the future. If we misjudge either the demand for products and services we sell or our
customers’ purchasing habits and tastes, we may be faced with excess inventories of some products and missed opportunities for products and services we chose not to offer. In addition, our sales may decline or we may be required to sell the
merchandise we have obtained at lower prices. This would have a negative effect on our business and results of operations.  Our integrated retail strategy is based on a number of initiatives, including our Shop
Your Way Rewards program, that depend on our ability to respond quickly to ongoing technology developments and implement new ways to understand and rely on the data to interact with our members and customers in order to achieve expected
benefits.  If we do not successfully manage our inventory levels, our operating results will be adversely affected.  We must maintain sufficient inventory levels to operate our business successfully. However, we also must guard against accumulating excess
inventory as we seek to minimize out-of-stock levels across all product categories and to maintain in-stock levels. We obtain a significant portion of our inventory from vendors located outside the United States. Some of these vendors often require
lengthy advance notice of our requirements in order to be able to supply products in the quantities we request. This usually requires us to order merchandise, and enter into purchase order contracts for the purchase and manufacture of such
merchandise, well in advance of the time these products will be offered for sale. As a result, we may experience difficulty in responding to a changing retail environment, which makes us vulnerable to changes in price. If we do not accurately
anticipate the future demand for a particular product or the time it will take to obtain new inventory, our inventory levels will not be appropriate and our results of operations may be negatively impacted.  If we are unable to compete effectively in the highly competitive retail industry, our business and results of operations could be materially
adversely affected.  The retail industry is highly competitive with few barriers to entry. We compete with a wide variety
of retailers, including other department stores, discounters, home improvement stores, appliances and consumer electronics retailers, auto service providers, specialty retailers, wholesale clubs and many other competitors operating on a national,
regional or local level. Some of our competitors are actively engaged in new store expansion. Online and catalog businesses, which handle similar lines of merchandise, and some of which are not required to collect sales taxes on purchases made by
their customers, also compete with us. In this competitive marketplace, success is based on factors such as price, product assortment and quality, service and convenience.  Our success depends on our ability to differentiate ourselves from our competitors with respect to shopping convenience, a quality assortment of available merchandise and superior customer service. We
must also successfully respond to our customers’ changing tastes. The performance of our competitors, as well as changes in their pricing policies, marketing activities, new store openings and other business strategies, could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  Our business has been and will continue to be affected by
worldwide economic conditions; a failure of the economy to sustain its recovery, a renewed decline in consumer-spending levels and other conditions, including inflation and changing prices of energy, could lead to reduced revenues and gross margins,
and negatively impact our liquidity.  Many economic and other factors are outside of our control, including consumer and
commercial credit availability, consumer confidence and spending levels, inflation, employment levels, housing sales and remodels, consumer debt levels, fuel costs and other challenges currently affecting the global economy, the full impact of which
on our business, results of operations and financial condition cannot be predicted with certainty. These economic conditions adversely affect the disposable income levels of, and the credit available to, our customers, which could lead to reduced
demand for our merchandise. Changing fuel and energy costs may have a significant impact on our operations. We require significant quantities of fuel for the vehicles used by technicians in our home services business and we are exposed to the risk
associated with variations in the market price for petroleum products. We could experience a disruption in energy supplies, including our supply of gasoline, as a result of factors that are beyond our control, which could have an adverse effect on
our business. Certain of our vendors also are experiencing increases in the cost of various raw materials, such as cotton, oil-related materials, steel and rubber, which could result in increases in the prices that we pay for merchandise,
particularly apparel,  
appliances and tires. The domestic and international political situation also affects consumer confidence. The threat, outbreak or escalation of terrorism, military conflicts or other hostilities
could lead to a decrease in consumer spending. Any of these events and factors could cause us to increase inventory markdowns and promotional expenses, thereby reducing our gross margins and operating results.  The lack of willingness of our vendors to provide acceptable payment terms could negatively impact our liquidity and/or reduce the availability of
products or services we seek to procure.  We depend on our vendors to provide us with financing on our purchases of
inventory and services. Our vendors could seek to limit the availability of vendor credit to us or other terms under which they sell to us, or both, which could negatively impact our liquidity. In addition, the inability of vendors to access
liquidity, or the insolvency of vendors, could lead to their failure to deliver inventory or other services. Certain of our vendors finance their operations and/or reduce the risk associated with collecting accounts receivable from us by selling or
“factoring” the receivables or by purchasing credit insurance or other forms of protection from loss associated with our credit risks. The ability of our vendors to do so is subject to the perceived credit quality of the Company. Such
vendors could be limited in their ability to factor receivables or obtain credit protection in the future because of our perceived financial position and creditworthiness, which could reduce the availability of products or services we seek to
procure.  Certain factors, including changes in our credit ratings, may limit our access to capital markets and other financing sources and
materially increase our borrowing costs.  In addition to credit terms from vendors, our liquidity needs are funded by our
operating cash flows and, to the extent necessary, borrowings under our credit agreements and commercial paper program and access to capital markets. The availability of financing depends on numerous factors, including economic and market
conditions, our operating performance, our credit ratings, and lenders’ assessments of our prospects and the prospects of the retail industry in general. Changes in these factors may affect our cost of financing, liquidity and our ability to
access financing sources, including the accordion feature of our domestic revolving credit facility and possible second lien indebtedness that is permitted under the domestic revolving credit facility. In 2011, our credit ratings were downgraded by
the three primary nationally recognized statistical rating organizations. Rating agencies revise their ratings for the companies that they follow from time to time and our ratings may be revised or withdrawn in their entirety at any time.
 The lenders under our credit facilities may not be able to meet their commitments if they experience shortages of capital and
liquidity and there can be no assurance that our ability to otherwise access the credit markets will not be adversely affected by changes in the financial markets and the global economy.  Due to the seasonality of our business, our annual operating results would be adversely affected if our business performs poorly in the fourth quarter.  Our business is seasonal, with a high proportion of revenues, operating income and operating cash flows being generated during the fourth
quarter of our year, which includes the holiday season. As a result, our fourth quarter operating results significantly impact our annual operating results. Our fourth quarter operating results may fluctuate significantly, based on many factors,
including holiday spending patterns and weather conditions.  Our sales may fluctuate for a variety of reasons, which could adversely affect
our results of operations.  Our business is sensitive to customers’ spending patterns, which in turn are subject to
prevailing economic conditions. Our sales and results of operations have fluctuated in the past, and we expect them to continue to fluctuate in the future. A variety of other factors affect our sales and financial performance, including:  

 
•
 
 actions by our competitors, including opening of new stores in our existing markets or changes to the way these competitors go to market online,
 actions by our competitors, including opening of new stores in our existing markets or changes to the way these competitors go to market online,
 

 
•
 
 seasonal fluctuations due to weather conditions,  seasonal fluctuations due to weather conditions,  

 
•
 
 changes in our merchandise strategy and mix,  changes in our merchandise strategy and mix,  

 
•
 
 changes in population and other demographics, and  changes in population and other demographics, and  

 
•
 
 timing of our promotional events.  timing of our promotional events.  Accordingly, our results for any one quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any other quarter, and comparable store sales for any particular future period may increase or
decrease. For more information on our results of operations, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Item 7 of this report on Form 10-K.  We rely on foreign sources for significant amounts of our merchandise, and our business may therefore be negatively affected by the risks associated
with international trade.  We depend on a large number of products produced in foreign markets. We face risks associated
with the delivery of merchandise originating outside the United States, including:  

 
•
 
 potential economic and political instability in countries where our suppliers are located,  potential economic and political instability in countries where our suppliers are located,  

 
•
 
 increases in shipping or other costs,  increases in shipping or other costs,  

 
•
 
 transportation delays and interruptions,  transportation delays and interruptions,  

 
•
 
 adverse fluctuations in currency exchange rates, and  adverse fluctuations in currency exchange rates, and  

 
•
 
 changes in U.S. and foreign laws affecting the importation and taxation of goods, including duties, tariffs and quotas, or changes in the enforcement
of those laws.  changes in U.S. and foreign laws affecting the importation and taxation of goods, including duties, tariffs and quotas, or changes in the enforcement
of those laws.  We rely extensively on computer systems to process transactions, summarize results and manage our
business. Disruptions in these systems could harm our ability to run our business.  Given the number of individual
transactions we have each year, it is critical that we maintain uninterrupted operation of our computer and communications hardware and software systems. Our systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and
telecommunications failures, computer viruses, catastrophic events such as fires, tornadoes and hurricanes, and usage errors by our employees. If our systems are breached, damaged or cease to function properly, we may have to make a significant
investment to fix or replace them, we may suffer interruptions in our operations in the interim, and we may face costly litigation. Any material interruption in our computer operations may have a material adverse effect on our business or results of
operations. In addition, we are pursuing complex initiatives to transform our information technology processes and systems. The risk of disruption is increased in periods where such complex and significant systems changes are undertaken.  If we do not maintain the security of our member and customer, associate or company information, we could damage our reputation, incur substantial
additional costs and become subject to litigation.  Any significant security compromise or breach of member and customer,
associate or company data, either held or maintained by the Company or our third party providers, could significantly damage our reputation and brands and result in additional costs, lost sales, fines and/or lawsuits. The regulatory environment
related to information security and privacy is increasingly rigorous, with new and constantly changing requirements applicable to our business, and compliance with those requirements could result in additional costs. There is no guarantee that the
procedures that we have implemented to protect against unauthorized access to secured data are adequate to safeguard against all data security breaches. A data security breach could negatively impact our business and our results of operations.
 We rely on third parties to provide us with services in connection with the administration of certain
aspects of our business.  We have entered into agreements with third-party service providers (both domestic and overseas)
to provide processing and administrative functions over a broad range of areas, and we may continue to do so in the future. These areas include finance and accounting, information technology, call center, human resources and procurement functions.
Services provided by third parties as a part of outsourcing initiatives could be interrupted as a result of many factors, such as acts of God or contract disputes, and any failure by third parties to provide us with these services on a timely basis
or within our service level expectations and performance standards could result in a disruption of our business. In addition, to the extent we are unable to maintain our outsourcing arrangements, we would incur substantial costs, including costs
associated with hiring new employees, in order to return these services in-house.  We could incur charges due to impairment of goodwill,
intangible and long-lived assets.  At January 28, 2012, we had goodwill and intangible asset balances of $3.8 billion,
which are subject to periodic testing for impairment. Our long-lived assets, primarily stores, also are subject to periodic testing for impairment. A significant amount of judgment is involved in the periodic testing. Failure to achieve sufficient
levels of cash flow within each of our reporting units, or sales of our branded products or cash flow generated from operations at individual store locations could result in impairment charges for goodwill and intangible assets or fixed asset
impairment for long-lived assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our reported results of operations. Impairment charges, if any, resulting from the periodic testing are non-cash. Our goodwill impairment analysis also includes a
comparison of the aggregate estimated fair value of all reporting units to our total market capitalization. Therefore, a significant and sustained decline in our stock price could result in goodwill impairment charges. During times of financial
market volatility, significant judgment is used to determine the underlying cause of the decline and whether stock price declines are short-term in nature or indicative of an event or change in circumstances. See Notes 12 and 13 of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.  The loss of key personnel may disrupt our business and adversely affect our
financial results.  We depend on the contributions of key personnel, including Edward S. Lampert (chairman) and other key
employees, for our future success. Although certain executives have employment agreements with us, changes in our senior management and any future departures of key employees may disrupt our business and materially adversely affect our results of
operations.  Affiliates of our Chairman, whose interests may be different than your interests, exert substantial influence over our
Company.  Affiliates of Edward S. Lampert, the Chairman of our Board of Directors, beneficially own approximately 62% of
the outstanding shares of our common stock. These affiliates are controlled, directly or indirectly, by Mr. Lampert. Accordingly, these affiliates, and thus Mr. Lampert, have substantial influence over many, if not all, actions to be taken
or approved by our shareholders, including the election of directors and any transactions involving a change of control.  The
interests of these affiliates, which have investments in other companies, may from time to time diverge from the interests of our other shareholders, particularly with regard to new investment opportunities. This substantial influence may have the
effect of discouraging offers to acquire our Company because the consummation of any such acquisition would likely require the consent of these affiliates.  We may be unable to protect or preserve the image of our brands and our intellectual property rights, which could have a negative impact on our business.  We regard our copyrights, service marks, trademarks, trade dress, trade secrets, patents and similar intellectual property as critical to
our success, particularly those that relate to our private label merchandise. As  
such, we rely on trademark and copyright law, patent law, trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements with our associates, consultants, vendors, and others to protect our proprietary
rights. Nevertheless, the steps we take to protect our proprietary rights may be inadequate. If we are unable to protect or preserve the value of our trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, patents or other proprietary rights for any reason, or if we
fail to maintain the image of our brands due to merchandise and service quality issues, actual or perceived, or other reasons, our brands and reputation could be damaged and we could lose customers.  We may be subject to product liability claims if people or properties are harmed by the products we sell or the services we offer.  Some of the products we sell may expose us to product liability claims relating to personal injury, death, or property damage caused by
such products, and may require us to take actions such as product recalls. We also provide various services, which could also give rise to such claims. Although we maintain liability insurance, we cannot be certain that our coverage will be adequate
for liabilities actually incurred or that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all.  We
may be subject to periodic litigation and other regulatory proceedings. These proceedings may be affected by changes in laws and government regulations or changes in the enforcement thereof.  From time to time, we may be involved in lawsuits and regulatory actions relating to our business, certain of which may be in
jurisdictions with reputations for aggressive application of laws and procedures against corporate defendants. Our pharmacy and home services businesses, in particular, are subject to numerous federal, state and local regulations. We are impacted by
trends in litigation, including class-action allegations brought under various consumer protection and employment laws, including wage and hour laws, and investigations and actions that are based on allegations of untimely compliance or
noncompliance with applicable regulations or statutes. Due to the inherent uncertainties of litigation and regulatory proceedings, we cannot accurately predict the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings. An unfavorable outcome could have a
material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, regardless of the outcome of any litigation or regulatory proceedings, these proceedings could result in substantial costs and may require that we
devote substantial resources to defend our Company. Further, changes in governmental regulations both in the United States and in the other countries where we operate could have adverse effects on our business and subject us to additional regulatory
actions. For a description of current legal proceedings, see Item 3, “Legal Proceedings,” as well as Note 18 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this report on Form 10-K.  Our pension and postretirement benefit plan obligations are currently underfunded, and we may have to make significant cash payments to some or all of
these plans, which would reduce the cash available for our businesses.  We have unfunded obligations under our domestic and
foreign pension and postretirement benefit plans. The funded status of our pension plans is dependent upon many factors, including returns on invested assets, the level of certain market interest rates and the discount rate used to determine pension
obligations. Unfavorable returns on the plan assets or unfavorable changes in applicable laws or regulations could materially change the timing and amount of required plan funding, which would reduce the cash available for our businesses. In
addition, a decrease in the discount rate used to determine pension obligations could result in an increase in the valuation of pension obligations, which could affect the reported funding status of our pension plans and future contributions, as
well as the periodic pension cost in subsequent years. Moreover, unfavorable regulatory action could materially change the timing and amount of required plan funding and negatively impact our business operations and impair our business strategy.
