If we fail to offer merchandise and services that our customers want, our sales may be limited, which
would reduce our revenues and profits.  In order for our business to be successful, we must identify, obtain supplies of,
and offer to our customers, attractive, innovative and high-quality merchandise on a continuous basis. Our products and services must satisfy the desires of our customers, whose preferences may change in the future. If we misjudge either the demand
for products and services we sell or our customers’ purchasing habits and tastes, we may be faced with excess inventories of some products and missed opportunities for products and services we chose not to offer. In addition, our sales may
decline or we may be required to sell the merchandise we have obtained at lower prices. This would have a negative effect on our business and results of operations.  If we do not successfully manage our inventory levels, our operating results will be adversely affected.  We must maintain sufficient inventory levels to operate our business successfully. However, we also must guard against accumulating excess inventory as we seek to minimize out-of-stock levels across all
product categories and to maintain in-stock levels. We obtain a significant portion of our inventory from vendors located outside the United States. Some of these vendors often require lengthy advance notice of our requirements in order to be able
to supply products in the quantities we request. This usually requires us to order merchandise, and enter into purchase order contracts for the purchase and manufacture of such merchandise, well in advance of the time these products will be offered
for sale. As a result, we may experience difficulty in responding to a changing retail environment, which makes us vulnerable to changes in price. If we do not accurately anticipate the future demand for a particular product or the time it will take
to obtain new inventory, our inventory levels will not be appropriate and our results of operations may be negatively impacted.  If we are
unable to compete effectively in the highly competitive retail industry, our business and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.  The retail industry is highly competitive with few barriers to entry. We compete with a wide variety of retailers, including other department stores, discounters, home improvement stores, home appliances
and consumer electronics retailers, auto service providers, specialty retailers, wholesale clubs and many other competitors operating on a national, regional or local level. Some of our competitors are actively engaged in new store expansion. Online
and catalog businesses, which handle similar lines of merchandise, also compete with us. In this competitive marketplace, success is based on factors such as price, product assortment and quality, service and convenience.  Our success depends on our ability to differentiate ourselves from our competitors with
respect to shopping convenience, a quality assortment of available merchandise and superior customer service. We must also successfully respond to our customers’ changing tastes. The performance of our competitors, as well as changes in their
pricing policies, marketing activities, new store openings and other business strategies, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  Our business has been and will continue to be affected by worldwide economic conditions; a failure of the economy to sustain its recovery, a renewed decline in consumer-spending levels and other
conditions, including inflation, could lead to reduced revenues and gross margins, and negatively impact our liquidity.  Many economic and other factors are outside of our control, including consumer and commercial credit availability, consumer confidence and
spending levels, inflation, employment levels, housing sales and remodels, consumer debt levels, fuel costs and other challenges currently affecting the global economy, the full impact of which on our business, results of operations and financial
condition cannot be predicted with certainty. These economic conditions adversely affect the disposable income levels of, and the credit available to, our customers, which could lead to reduced demand for our merchandise. Also affected are our
vendors, upon which we depend to provide us with financing on our purchases of inventory and services. Our vendors could seek to change either the availability of vendor credit to us or other terms under which they sell to us, or both, which could
negatively impact our liquidity. In addition, the inability of vendors to access liquidity, or the insolvency of vendors, could lead to their failure to deliver inventory or other services. Certain of our vendors also are experiencing increases in
the cost of various raw materials, such as cotton, oil-related materials, steel and rubber, which could result in increases in the prices that we pay for merchandise, particularly apparel, appliances and tires.  In addition to credit terms from vendors, our liquidity needs are funded by our operating cash flows and, to the extent necessary,
borrowings under our credit agreements and commercial paper program. The availability of financing depends on numerous factors, including economic and market conditions, our credit ratings, and lenders’ assessments of our prospects and the
prospects of the retail industry in general. The lenders under our credit facilities may not be able to meet their commitments if they experience shortages of capital and liquidity and there can be no assurance that our ability to otherwise access
the credit markets, will not be adversely affected by changes in the financial markets and the global economy.  The domestic
and international political situation also affects consumer confidence. The threat, outbreak or escalation of terrorism, military conflicts or other hostilities could lead to a decrease in consumer spending. Any of these events and factors could
cause us to increase inventory markdowns and promotional expenses, thereby reducing our gross margins and operating results.  Due to the
seasonality of our business, our annual operating results would be adversely affected if our business performs poorly in the fourth quarter.  Our business is seasonal, with a high proportion of revenues, operating income and operating cash flows being generated during the fourth quarter of our year, which includes the holiday season. As a
result, our fourth quarter operating results significantly impact our annual operating results. Our fourth quarter operating results may fluctuate significantly, based on many factors, including holiday spending patterns and weather conditions.
 Our sales may fluctuate for a variety of reasons, which could adversely affect our results of operations.  Our business is sensitive to customers’ spending patterns, which in turn are subject to prevailing economic conditions. Our sales and
results of operations have fluctuated in the past, and we expect them to continue to fluctuate in the future. A variety of other factors affect our sales and financial performance, including:  

 
•
 
 actions by our competitors, including opening of new stores in our existing markets or changes to the way these competitors go to market online,
 actions by our competitors, including opening of new stores in our existing markets or changes to the way these competitors go to market online,
 

 
•
 
 seasonal fluctuations due to weather conditions,  seasonal fluctuations due to weather conditions,  

 
•
 
 changes in our merchandise strategy and mix,  changes in our merchandise strategy and mix,  

 
•
 
 changes in population and other demographics, and  changes in population and other demographics, and  

 
•
 
 timing of our promotional events.  timing of our promotional events.  Accordingly, our results for any one quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any other quarter, and comparable store sales for any particular future period may increase or
decrease. For more information on our results of operations, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Item 7 of this report on Form 10-K.  We rely on foreign sources for significant amounts of our merchandise, and our business may therefore be negatively affected by the risks associated
with international trade.  We depend on a large number of products produced in foreign markets. We face risks associated
with the delivery of merchandise originating outside the United States, including:  

 
•
 
 potential economic and political instability in countries where our suppliers are located,  potential economic and political instability in countries where our suppliers are located,  

 
•
 
 increases in shipping costs,  increases in shipping costs,  

 
•
 
 transportation delays and interruptions,  transportation delays and interruptions,  

 
•
 
 adverse fluctuations in currency exchange rates, and  adverse fluctuations in currency exchange rates, and  

 
•
 
 changes in U.S. and foreign laws affecting the importation and taxation of goods, including duties, tariffs and quotas, or changes in the enforcement
of those laws.  changes in U.S. and foreign laws affecting the importation and taxation of goods, including duties, tariffs and quotas, or changes in the enforcement
of those laws.  We rely extensively on computer systems to process transactions, summarize results and manage our
business. Disruptions in these systems could harm our ability to run our business.  Given the number of individual
transactions we have each year, it is critical that we maintain uninterrupted operation of our computer and communications hardware and software systems. Our systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and
telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches, including breaches of our transaction processing or other systems that result in the compromise of confidential customer data, catastrophic events such as fires, tornadoes and
hurricanes, and usage errors by our employees. If our systems are breached, damaged or cease to function properly, we may have to make a significant investment to fix or replace them, we may suffer interruptions in our operations in the interim, we
may face costly litigation, and our reputation with our customers may be harmed. Any material interruption in our computer operations may have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. In addition, we are pursuing complex
initiatives to transform our information technology processes and systems. The risk of disruption is increased in periods where such complex and significant systems changes are undertaken.  We rely on third parties to provide us with services in connection with the administration of certain aspects of our business.  We have entered into agreements with third-party service providers (both domestic and overseas) to provide processing and administrative
functions over a broad range of areas, and we may continue to do so in the future. These areas include finance and accounting, information technology, call center, human resources and procurement functions. Services provided by third parties as a
part of outsourcing initiatives could be interrupted as a result of many factors, such as acts of God or contract disputes, and any failure by third parties to provide us with these services on a timely basis or within our service level expectations
and performance standards could result in a disruption of our business. In addition, to the extent we are unable to maintain our outsourcing arrangements, we would incur substantial costs, including costs associated with hiring new employees, in
order to return these services in-house.  We could incur charges due to impairment of goodwill, intangible and long-lived assets.  At January 29, 2011, we had goodwill and intangible asset balances of $4.5 billion, which are subject to periodic testing for
impairment. Our long-lived assets, primarily stores, also are subject to periodic testing for impairment. A significant amount of judgment is involved in the periodic testing. Failure to achieve sufficient levels of cash flow within each of our
reporting units, for sales of our branded products or at individual store locations could result in impairment charges for goodwill and intangible assets or fixed asset impairment for long-lived assets, which could have a material adverse effect on
our reported results of operations. Impairment charges, if any, resulting from the periodic testing are non-cash. Our goodwill impairment analysis also includes a comparison of the aggregate estimated fair value of all reporting units to our total
market capitalization. Therefore, a significant and sustained decline in our stock price could result in goodwill impairment charges. During times of financial market volatility, significant judgment is used to determine the underlying cause of the
decline and whether stock price declines are short-term in nature or indicative of an event or change in circumstances. See Note 13 to our Consolidated Financial Statements for further information.  The loss of key personnel may disrupt our business and adversely affect our financial results.  We depend on the contributions of key personnel, including Edward S. Lampert (chairman) and other key employees, for our future success.
Although certain executives have employment agreements with us, changes in our senior management and any future departures of key employees may disrupt our business and materially adversely affect our results of operations.  Affiliates of our Chairman, whose interests may be different than your interests, exert substantial influence over our Company.  Affiliates of Edward S. Lampert, the Chairman of our Board of Directors, beneficially own approximately 60% of the outstanding shares of
our common stock. These affiliates are controlled, directly or indirectly, by Mr. Lampert. Accordingly, these affiliates, and thus Mr. Lampert, have substantial influence over many, if not all, actions to be taken or approved by our
shareholders, including the election of directors and any transactions involving a change of control.  The interests of these
affiliates, which have investments in other companies, may from time to time diverge from the interests of our other shareholders, particularly with regard to new investment opportunities. This substantial influence may have the effect of
discouraging offers to acquire our Company because the consummation of any such acquisition would likely require the consent of these affiliates.  We may be subject to product liability claims if people or properties are harmed by the products we sell or the services we offer.  Some of the products we sell may expose us to product liability claims relating to personal injury, death, or property damage caused by
such products, and may require us to take actions such as product recalls. We also provide various services, which could also give rise to such claims. Although we maintain liability insurance, we cannot be certain that our coverage will be adequate
for liabilities actually incurred or that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all.  We
may be subject to periodic litigation and other regulatory proceedings. These proceedings may be affected by changes in laws and government regulations or changes in the enforcement thereof.  From time to time, we may be involved in lawsuits and regulatory actions relating to our business, certain of which may be in
jurisdictions with reputations for aggressive application of laws and procedures against corporate defendants. We are impacted by trends in litigation, including class-action allegations brought under various consumer protection and employment laws,
including wage and hour laws. Due to the inherent  
uncertainties of litigation and regulatory proceedings, we cannot accurately predict the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings. An unfavorable outcome could have a material adverse impact on
our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, regardless of the outcome of any litigation or regulatory proceedings, these proceedings could result in substantial costs and may require that we devote substantial resources
to defend our Company. Further, changes in governmental regulations both in the United States and in the other countries where we operate could have adverse effects on our business and subject us to additional regulatory actions. For a description
of current legal proceedings, see Item 3, “Legal Proceedings,” as well as Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this report on Form 10-K.  Our pension and postretirement benefit plan obligations are currently underfunded, and we may have to make significant cash payments to some or all of these plans, which would reduce the cash available
for our businesses.  We have unfunded obligations under our domestic and foreign pension and postretirement benefit plans.
The funded status of our pension plans is dependent upon many factors, including returns on invested assets, the level of certain market interest rates and the discount rate used to determine pension obligations. Unfavorable returns on the plan
assets or unfavorable changes in applicable laws or regulations could materially change the timing and amount of required plan funding, which would reduce the cash available for our businesses. In addition, a decrease in the discount rate used to
determine pension obligations could result in an increase in the valuation of pension obligations, which could affect the reported funding status of our pension plans and future contributions, as well as the periodic pension cost in subsequent
years. 